Adding Basic Peribolos functionality (#223)
keptn/community: COMMUNITY_MEMBERSHIP.md

Code approvers are able to both review and approve code contributions, as well as help maintainers triage issues and do project management. While code review is focused on code quality and correctness, approval is focused on holistic acceptance of a contribution including: backwards/forwards compatibility, adhering to API and flag conventions, subtle performance and correctness issues, interactions with other parts of the system, etc.

> *Defined by:* Member of the subproject approvers team (https://github.com/orgs/keptn/teams/<subproject>-approvers) and listed in the subprojects `teams.yaml` within [Peribolos Configuration Directory][Peribolos Configuration Directory]

Reviewer: same thing here with the half-rendered link

Author: thank you changed it to code

- Is expected to be responsive to review requests - inactivity for more than 1 month may result in suspension until active again
- Is mentor of new members

## Subproject Maintainer

Maintainers are the technical authority for subproject repositories and subproject in the Keptn project. They *MUST* have demonstrated both good judgment and responsibility towards the health of the Keptn project. Maintainers *MUST* set technical direction and make or approve design decisions for their subproject; either directly or through delegation of these responsibilities.

*Defined by:*

> * Member of the subproject maintainer team (https://github.com/orgs/keptn/teams/<subproject>-maintainer) and listed in the subprojects `teams.yaml` within [Peribolos Configuration Directory][Peribolos Configuration Directory]

Reviewer: same link problem here

Author: thank you changed it to code

- Ensures continued health of subproject:
  - Adequate test coverage to confidently release
  - Tests are passing reliably (i.e., not flaky) and are fixed when they fail
- Ensures a healthy process for discussion and decision-making is in place
- Works with other maintainers to maintain the overall project health and success

## Maintainer

> Maintainers are the technical authority for all subprojects within the Keptn project. They *MUST* have demonstrated both good judgment and responsibility towards the health of the Keptn project. Maintainers *MUST* set technical direction and make or approve design decisions for those subproject; either directly or through delegation of these responsibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintainers are the technical authority for all subprojects within the Keptn project. They *MUST* have demonstrated both good judgment and responsibility towards the health of the Keptn project. Maintainers *MUST* set technical direction and make or approve design decisions for the overall project; either directly or through delegation of these responsibilities.
```

*Defined by:*
* [Maintainers of the Keptn GitHub organization](https://github.com/orgs/keptn/teams/maintainers) and listed within [Peribolos Configuration][Peribolos Configuration] maintainer team

### Requirements

> As `Maintainer` has the same requirements as a `subproject Maintainer` but those apply on a global-level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `Maintainer` has the same requirements as a `subproject Maintainer` but those apply on a global level.
```
